Hi, guys.
So in this lesson, we're going to go in and do some hands on with AFEs, what we're going to do is
we're going to create an Air Force filesystem and then we're going to launch instances in two different
availability zones and connect those to the filesystem and just see that we can actually see data on
the filesystem from each instance.
So let's head over to the console and build this out.
I'm in the management console.
Let's go to Services EFS and here I am in the EFS management console.
And interestingly, you can see that as I learn more notice up here saying that you can reduce your
storage price with AIFS lifecycle management.
So that's another feature which is worth understanding.
And this is where you move stuff to the Eephus infrequent access storage class.
I'll just close that off and we're going to create a file system.
I'm just going to call this my EFS and we can choose the VPC here.
And then if you click on Customize, we get a few more advanced options so we can choose to enable or
disable automated backups.
You see that the lifecycle management is set to 30 days since last access.
So after 30 days of a piece of data not being read or written to so it's not being accessed, it will
be moved to the infrequent access storage class.
So I'll leave that as a default.
Then we have the performance mode.
I'll leave that on general purpose, the throughput mode.
I'll leave that on bursting.
And then we have encryption, which, as you can see, is enabled by default.
And if you want to, you can go in and customize your encryption settings here and you can add tags.
But I'm not going to do that for now.
Let's click on Next.
And now you can see that it's going to create some mount targets for me.
And by default, it's actually found a security group.
And what we'll do is when we finish, we'll have a look at the security group and see what rules are
in there.
Now, the availability zones are two way to be in to see it's found the subnets in those availability
zones.
I'm going to leave those as defaults.
I'll leave IP addresses to be automatically assigned.
And then it's click on next.
So this is where if you want to, you can assign a filesystem policy in the next lesson, I'll show
you some examples of policies that you can apply at the resource level.
So here against the filesystem itself and you can control NAFS access or of clients access, for example,
with a resource based policy.
But we're not going to do that for now.
If we did want to add some settings, you can also use these pre configured ones.
So this will enforce in-transit encryption encryption for all clients.
So you remember I mentioned that you can configure encryption at rest and then encryption and transit.
So this is how you could enforce encryption in transit.
You can also enforce read-only access by default as well or prevent routes access.
So there's a few options there.
Let's click on next.
I'm happy with all the settings, so let's just create this file system and I should just take a few
minutes to deploy.
It's in the creating state right now.
And if we click on the name of the file system and go across to network here, this is where we can
see the different map points.
They've got IP addresses now in our IP subnet ranges and the targets are creating.
So we won't be able to attach anything until that's complete.
So while that's happening, let's launch a couple of Ekta instances.
What I'm going to do is launch two instances, but I'm going to do it separately to put them in different
availability zones.
So to micro, it's got to be Linux.
Remember, I'm going to put the first one and the to a subnet.
Let's click on next, just go through and we'll talk about security group shortly for now or use the
Web access and then I'm just going to repeat that and put my second instance in the to be availability
zone.
Once your instances are both running, I want you to then connect into your two instances from a command
line.
And what we're going to do once we've connected into our instances is then see if we can connect to
our file system.
So I have my two instances here on one screen on the left, I've got my instance into a and on the right
I've got my instance in availability zone to be.
Now, there's also some code that you can use here in the actual course download.
So I'm going to copy this first command and we just need to run this on both of these instances.
And then at this point we can create a mount directory.
So we've installed the utilities with the last command.
And then this command will actually make a directory into which we're then going to mount our file system.
So I'm just going to make that directory and on this one here, the same thing.
So that's done.
And the last command is here to connect to our file system.
And what you need to do is change out this file system ID here.
So let's go back to the console and find our file system it back in the AFS management console.
I'm going to copy my file system right there and then I'm going to paste that into my code here.
So now I have this command which should mount the file system using this idea to my local mount point
here.
So let's come back and paste it in and let's see what happens.
Now, I'm not getting an immediate response here, and that usually tells me that there's a security
group issue.
If there was a configuration issue, you'd expect to get an error message straight away, but instead
it's kind of just hanging.
So I suspect that there's a problem with the security group.
So let's go and check out the security group permissions.
So firstly, we have the file system here.
What we need to do is go into the file system.
Click on network, click on Manage, and then we can see the security groups, so we got this security
group here.
This looks like the default security group.
So let's head back to the new management console and have a look in the easy to management console will
go to security groups and we're going to look for this security group.
And that's the one there, so the default security group, so let's have a look at the rules.
So the rules actually allow inbound MySQL, Aurora from the Web Access Security Group.
And that's because of a previous exercise that I've done now for this particular exercise.
That's not going to help.
What we need is inbound Neff's.
So I'm going to add a rule.
I'm going to type Nafs choose this.
It's port to zero four four nine and I can actually use the security group of my web access.
So that's the security group, my instances, and that will lock this down to a best practice configuration.
So we're going to allow the manifest protocol going to our file system from our Web access security
group.
And that's where our instance isn't running.
So I'm going to save that ruleset.
Let's come back and try and rerun that command.
And this time it's mounted successfully.
So what I'm going to do is just copy that command again and run it on the second instance.
So let's run it on the second instance.
And that's worked.
And now I'm going to change directory to slash MNC, slash FS.
And what I'm going to do is I'm going to touch test fall.
And what I need to do is use pseudo pseudo test fall, and what I should have done is put pseudo touch
test.
And so that's going to create that file.
So we've now got a file called Test File.
So if I change directory here to the FS treachery and just else, we can see the same file.
So what we've done is we've quite simply created two easy two instances in different Azeez and we've
connected them to one file system and we created a file and then we could see that file from each instance.